Add `--silent` arg to silence runtime errors (#24)
Dynatrace/dynatrace-bootstrapper: README.md

- This is an **optional** arg
- The `--attribute-container` arg defines the passed in Container attributes that will be used to configure the metadata-enrichment and injected CodeModule. It is a JSON formatted string.

> #### `--silent`

Reviewer: i like examples, do you know you can add it as parameter to cobra struct:

```
RunExample             = `
example here :) 
`

	cmd := &cobra.Command{
		Use:                "run",
		Short:              "...",
		Long:               "...",
		RunE:               ....,
		Example:            RunExample,
		DisableFlagParsing: true,
	}
```

Reviewer: BTW you can also rename to `--suppress-errors`, silent a bit unclear - but ok with me .

Author: > do you know you can add it as parameter to cobra struct

I would just update the `usage` param in `cmd.PersistentFlags().StringVar(...)` to also contain these examples
because what you are showing is the example for the whole command which can be rather large, if you look at the sample 😅

Reviewer: =) just shared prev expirience ;) non blocking comment

> *Example*: `--suppress-error=true` or `--suppress-error`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Example*: `--suppress-error`
```

I'd prefer to just highlight how to use the simplest parameter

- This is an **optional** arg
  - Defaults to `false`

> - The `--silent` arg will silence any errors, causing the executable to return with an exit code 0 even if an error occurred. Intended purpose is not to fail the whole Pod if used as init-container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `--silent` arg will silence any errors, causing the executable to return with an exit code 0 even if an error occurred. Intended purpose is not to allow application container to start, if used as init-container.
```
